 + Add Facebook Connect to the registration / login process (take email, name, school info and log into database)
  = 9 hours
 - Administration panel that shows each user's profile information in table format
  + Add link in a user table to user's posts
   <- List link beside each user to see their posts, and link to their profile
   = 2 h
  - Let's superusers to edit users
   <- Be able to edit users
   = 3 h
  - Add school field
   <- List user Name, Email, School, etc
   = 2 h
  - Export table to excel function
   = 2 h
 v Add an 'about me' field in user profile, which can be edited in user settings page
 - Create a 'make superuser' button
  = 1 h
  <- Make donny@rayku.com, daniel.rodic@impact.org, and herbert.lui@impact.org accounts into 'super users' in the database
 - Support
  = 3 h
----
 22 h



Twitter
 15.08.12 - 6h
 16.08.12 - 4h
 17.08.12 - 5h
 20.08.12 - 1h


1. Add new features for the new page function
(http://stories.impact.org/account/pages/new)
1.1 allow different text sizes, text colors, add links, and
embed video code (youtube, vimeo). If it's easier, just change this to
an HTML editor instead of a WYSIWYG editor, so I can copy/paste HTML
code into the box.
use HTML please
added to WYSIWYG5 new version allowing HTML code edit (2h)
1.2 save post option to save it to publish later (please quote
this task individually because it is not high-priority)
It should just be a button beside the 'submit' button. Instead of publishing the post, it would just save it in the database to be published later (and not be publicly viewable until then).
1.3 option to set the post as 'exclusive' or 'public'. If
'exclusive', users must be logged into the site in order to see it
1h
1.4 if the new page is set to 'exclusive' and user is NOT logged
in, show the registration form on that page instead of the page
content
1.5 if the new page is set to 'exclusive' and user is logged in,
show a little yellow tab in the header (eg. http://grab.by/f8ac)
1.4, 1.5: It is on the same page as the save button, 'submit' button, and the HTML text box - the page where the superuser is supposed to enter the new page content. Just a radio button to either select 'exclusive' or 'public'.
1h

3. On each post page, if no description is already entered and the
share is a link, automatically pull the description text from the page (maximum number of words limit).
The description text will be pulled from the website itself. For example, for this particular post, http://bit.ly/OmuWkX, the description text would be:
"TheFunded.com is an online community of over 18,000 CEOs, Founders and entrepreneurs to discuss fundraising, rate and review investors, and discuss strategies to grow a start-up business. Enjoy!"
And another example, for this post, http://bit.ly/OBxAt0, the description text would be:
"One of the greatest joys of my job is coaching and mentoring super smart and super ambitious young people.

I find myself doing this a lot lately.

Here’s a common pattern we find at Fab (and, I’m sure, at many startups): Young person leverages his or her brain, passion, ambitions and talents to rise up to a senior role very quickly. They take on a ton of responsibility and they kick ass at it. But, then, invariably, the young superstar hits some sort of a wall. Often it’s a burnout wall. Other times it’s a managing-down wall."

Do you think this is possible?
3h



